* Notepad failure

	- Do we have notes from last meeting? Need to add them to admin repo.
		Bertrand: open a ticket to try and recover it

	- New pad URL?
		Operating on HackMD for now, to revisit

* Vision (Bertrand) ?

	Lost with Notepad crash: for next time …

* Contribution PR template (Thomas) ?

	- Thomas to open draft PR with work to date

	- Reviewed current draft as a group; Gael proposed a technical committee

	- To review scikit-learn governance docs and tedana governance, Gael will take ownership on this, Thomas will ping Gael when needed

	- Triage team to pull drive-by contributors in as regular contributors.

	- Project board (there’s a bug triage template) or labels? fMRIPrep and other related tools have labels for expected impact and expected effort that might be useful.

	- tedana governance documents: https://tedana.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contributing.html#governance

	- scikit-learn governance documents: https://scikit-learn.org/stable/governance.html

* Masker Reports

	- comments/suggestions for current draft for NiftiLabelsMasker report: https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/pull/2707

	- Ideas for another masker? NiftiMapsMasker for example?

* Surface function deprecation PR: https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/pull/2682

	- comments/suggestions/concerns?

* 0.7.1 release

	- Had to reschedule last week release party. Need to set up a new date.

	- Dependency versions bump?
		Avoid dependency version bump at minor release. Better suited for major release

* Coding Sprint

	- Dates
		Thomas drafted initial schedule here

	- Website and Tools. Same (crowdcast) as last year?
		- Discord, HackMD
		- Any need for crowdcast? Unlikely if no set talks. Will need to look into licensing if needed.
		- Gather Town (or SpatialChat?) for coffee breaks, but not coding.
	
	- Communication around the event

	- Speakers / Schedule
		- TB will create document to add speaker info to.
		- 3 half days, afternoons for Europe, mornings for US/Canada.

* Issues / Enhancements / Doc / other tasks for sprint?

* Other points??****

* Intial website from last year’s drafts: https://emdupre.github.io/bulma-clean-theme/

* repo : https://github.com/emdupre/bulma-clean-theme/
