Part 1 - Ongoing things in Nilearn
----------------------------------

* Handling datasets integrity with CircleCI ? (see PR 2752)
	
	- use simpler keys of the form v1-datasetname

* Add correlation-based tool for MVPA ?? (see issue 2742)

	- we need to better explain the nilearn vision and draw a clear line between in-scope and outof-scope features.

* Contribution doc (see PR 2755)

* Vision? (Bertrand)

	Nilearn is an Open-source Python package for visualizing and analyzing human brain MRI data.

	It provides statistical and machine-learning tools for brain mapping, connectivity estimation and predictive modelling. It brings visualization tools with instructive documentation & open community.
	It supports general linear model (GLM) based analysis and leverages the scikit-learn Python toolbox for multivariate statistics with applications such as predictive modelling, classification, decoding, or connectivity analysis.

	- prepare a longer version to help arguing about feature inclusion

Part 2 - Coding sprint
----------------------

* remaining todos:

	- Communication
		- we took care of most of the items in the list (see 5).
		- Remaining items? Post a reminder in a couple weeks?
		- Send out email to registrants on the 26th
		- Send out a poll (on Twitter a week before the hack, in same reminder email to registrants) with questions about what areas folks want to contribute to and what areas they want to know more about.
		- Thomas will prepare the poll as a Google Form.
		- Elizabeth: Compile list of current sprint registrants from email s.t. we can contact them more directly with questions and also with reminders

	- People to contact directly? (Sent an email to Chris. Others?)
		- Follow up with Chris about nibabel elements of hack.
		- & Matthew Brett
		- & Oscar Esteban

	- Looking through current topics for sprint (https://nilearn.github.io/dev-days-2021/), we should prepare something and try to divide the topics among us:

		- Taylor (& hopefully Chris): BIDS
		- Gael: contribution crash course
		- Gael: community feedback on nilearn website
		- Nicolas: HTML reports
		- Nicolas & Bertrand: what’s new & introduction to the sprint
		- Jerome & Nicolas: Surface modeling
		- Thomas : Barriers to adoption
		a few seed question / a predefined small canvas(+ and -) to kick-off discussion

	- Update website to switch timing of reports, surface modelling sessions

	- Come up with very easy good first issues.
		I was thinking about small documentation ENHs like adding terms to the glossary or improving some references with bibtex… (other ideas?)

	- Have a look at the current project board
		When reaching out to Nibabel, ask if we should add Nibabel issues to our existing project board or create a new Nibabel project board

* next steps?
	- Prepare slides till Friday 30th
	- Add easy first issues: 50 people !
